the people present to you here
relationship I did on my iphone 5's
operating system and offset remembering
even though the beta version will be a
experience for you to have an idea
how is the operating system of the
daer initial reads very well and makes a
was a 3d screen moving with you
Move the device in Mexico with guardianship
it is also a system
open operating system is still
some cities of the desert island on the screen
Blocking Character Vaccine
Portuguese that keeps law as is
totally without giving was only produced
on the home screen of ciccone have changed
drastically the question is more simple
that the time was the previous ones of the system
and 86
so it's a matter of custom I tried
approach the operating system more
also a little here at the beginning until yesterday
Effect in Article 3 than when you
the unit or change the direction of the
novel that keep stirring
if they follow the lipstick effect pretty cool
part of the applications that you
the phone apart from the now cool folders
that you can tell how many applications
You want an infinite no more than
background bidding step will create
more
but they are there within the stage you are
seeing the beta system
He gives so responds well on the island.
strange for example the facetime hakim
when you click on the military facetime
totally crazy
in addition to authenticating it once in a while
a line of the ball and only go back not here
is working
the applications I have installed on
one of such bank users is
operating normally
now I have an application for example
which is a camera asset
this application a colleague who was in the
car, it's not working, it's not going
getting the camera started comes to
load and when you can load from
so get out
I did not like it I did not test the applications -
further
some believe in the problem in that there the
Brazilian system is cool
some things have no settings
also appears in English yet
I have something different here nothing
in the part of
the climate here is the walk
I speak of the week
is a nifty thing also have to
reflect and clock
now he
the best you could get excited and grab
port with a real phone time
It's more play this year.
calendar application 4
that was set to zero in the previous
this watch will also leave one of the
links down there where the law is
I do not really advise history
even if it supports a beta
also if you have enough water
installed on your smartphone there can be
to give a problem I could not stand the
anxiety in power and everything went well in
beginning of July my work I found
until it was some problem in the device
but then ended up working full
safari also changed a little bit
That's what each one is, but it's worth it.
was in chaos and it seems that made the
your option will leave in September yet
anyone who is curious already wants to go out
front was at risk and
I'll leave nobody underneath.
the messages
the zico expects a good in simple seems
well then for windows phone it's not lost
some of the crisis had long had system
and the team with whom I spoke yes
bed again something that is essential
dengue will also steal money
necessary departure
it was this one
Hmm
this is it
any doubt and nobody down there to
you're in a new system state
operational
a hug